Are you satisfied?
You bitch
How dare you hit me?
How many old ladies do you have?
How dare you touch my woman?
Security for me
Yo
Is he still a martial artist?
Hey, he only has one head.
And he really is a village woman
But in his qualifications
It's enough to change your cheeks
You village woman
Do you know what will happen if you hit me?
What's the end?
I'm going to give you one last chance.
Otherwise, you'll be dead when my dad comes
Then I'll give you a chance too
Break an arm
Save your hands
Dead dead dead
I think you really don't know what kind of forces the Liu and Wang families are in Qinzhou
Husband, shake me hard
Just wait for me.
Wait for me.
Dad, your daughter-in-law was beaten up
Why would anyone dare to beat my daughter-in-law in Qingzhou?
Who dares to bully my precious daughter?
Dad, your daughter was slapped several times
You have to call the shots for me
This is like your Uncle Liu going over and cutting that person into eight pieces
I'll tell you what.
My father and my future father-in-law will be here shortly.
I'll see how you end up later
Well, then I'll give you half the class
Don't delay